Add a section about papa (#100)
R2Northstar/NorthstarWiki: docs/installing-northstar/northstar-installers.md

Download and source code:

{% embed url="https://github.com/BigSpice/VTOL" %}

## **AnActualEmerald:** Papa

> cli mod manager and Northstar installer written in Rust. Available for Linux as .deb and .msi windows installer. Or build from source. Can install, uninstall, and update mods from Thunderstore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Command-line only mod manager and Northstar installer written in Rust. Available for Linux as `.deb` and `.msi` Windows installer. Or build from source. Can install, uninstall, and update mods from Thunderstore.
```
